{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Light;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red39\green44\blue49;\red238\green241\blue246;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20392\c22745\c25098;\cssrgb\c94510\c95686\c97255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22940\viewh15060\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl511\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs42\fsmilli21330 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Course Project - Description\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs30 \cf2 Context and Justification\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f2\b0 \cb3 One of the most common tasks in engineering management is to analyze huge quantities of data with the goal of understanding what\'92s happening and making optimal decisions based on our findings.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f1\b \cb3 Description
\f2\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 The project will be developed by groups of 3/4 students.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Let's consider that the new CEO of a specific IT company has contacted us because she wants us to analyze the current Human Resources status of the company. She has just sent a data set with all available employee information. This information is in the attached data set. As we can see, the company has two locations: the first one in London, and the second one in Barcelona.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 The new CEO is concerned about several issues. She truly believes in gender equality in organizations as it implies a signal to society. On the other hand, she is concerned that the offices in Barcelona do not follow a similar structure to the one in London. In her opinion, the structure of the Barcelona offices should tend towards the London structure. In her meeting with us, she also told us that she would like to know the attitudes (e.g., satisfaction) of the employees across the different departments and if anything could be done to improve them. Finally, she commented that she is very concerned about the company's succession strategy and in particular some positions in certain departments.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Based on this information, we need to carry out an exploratory data analysis and prepare a technical report (with Rmarkdown) and a technical presentation (5-10 minutes).\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Note: It is highly recommended to seek external sources of information (either in dataset or report formats) for the analysis and the reporting. \'a0\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'a0\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b \cb3 Deliverables
\f2\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Each group needs to upload a single file with the technical report in pdf/Html/MS Word format to the platform ATENEA.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Each group needs to upload a single file with the technical presentation in pdf/Html/MS PowerPoint format to the platform ATENEA.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 The name of the file will be: \'922021-PROJ01-inGroup.pdf\'92.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f1\b \cb3 Assessment
\f2\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 The grade of the activity depends on three elements:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The level of difficulty of the analysis.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The use of external information sources, such as other data sets.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The accuracy and quality of description of the analysis.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The structure and the order of the report.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Last modified: Friday, 29 October 2021, 4:04 PM\
}